doc: add flake description and overhaul README (#928)
danth/stylix: README.md

applying themes to supported applications, following the "it just works"
philosophy.

## Resources

- [Documentation](https://danth.github.io/stylix)
- [Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/#stylix:danth.me)

## Example configurations

### GNOME 46

<figure>
    <img src="./gnome.png" alt="GNOME 46" width=100%>
    <figcaption>
        Wallpapers by <a
        href="https://unsplash.com/photos/three-bicycles-parked-in-front-of-building-hwLAI5lRhdM">
        Clay Banks</a> and <a
        href="https://unsplash.com/photos/brown-road-in-forest-during-daytime-L505cPnmIds">
        Derrick Cooper</a>.
    </figcaption>
</figure>

Try a live demo of this dark theme by running:

```console
nix run github:danth/stylix#testbed:gnome:default:dark:image:scheme
```

### KDE Plasma 5

<figure>
    <img src="./kde.png" alt="KDE Plasma 5" width=100%>
    <figcaption>
        Wallpapers by <a
        href="https://unsplash.com/photos/mountain-surrounded-by-trees-under-cloudy-sky-T-tOgjWZ0fQ">
        Aniket Deole</a> and <a
        href="https://unsplash.com/photos/landscape-photography-of-body-of-water-overlooking-mountain-range-ZqLeQDjY6fY">
        Tom Gainor</a>.
    </figcaption>
</figure>

> Since KDE theming is still WIP, some manual steps may be required to properly
> apply its theme.

Reviewer: This looks more professional without an abbreviation.

```suggestion
Since KDE theming is still a work in progress, some manual steps may be required to properly
apply its theme.
```

(Also, this paragraph may need updating as KDE support has been changed/improved since it was written. No need to address that in this PR though.)

# Stylix

## About

Stylix is a theming framework for [NixOS](https://nixos.org), [Home
Manager](https://github.com/nix-community/home-manager), and
[nix-darwin](https://github.com/LnL7/nix-darwin) that applies color schemes,
wallpapers, and fonts to a wide range of applications.

> Unlike color scheme providers such as

Reviewer: To me this implies the linked repositories are providing the color schemes themselves (as in [`tinted-theming/schemes`](https://github.com/tinted-theming/schemes)) rather than a way to use them from Nix.

```suggestion
Unlike color scheme utilities such as
```

- NixOS is a Linux distribution
- Home Manager is a program which runs anywhere
- Both use the Nix language and package manager
- Both let you install programs and change settings via code

Stylix supports either NixOS + Home Manager, or Home Manager on its own.
Certain features are only available with NixOS.
Unlike color scheme providers such as
[base16.nix](https://github.com/SenchoPens/base16.nix) or
[nix-colors](https://github.com/Misterio77/nix-colors), Stylix goes further by
applying themes to supported applications, following the "it just works"
philosophy.

## Resources

Please refer to the [Stylix book](https://danth.github.io/stylix/)
for instructions and a list of supported apps.

For a visual guide, watch the [*Ricing Linux Has Never Been Easier | NixOS +
Stylix*](https://youtu.be/ljHkWgBaQWU) YouTube video by
[Vimjoyer](https://www.youtube.com/@vimjoyer).

> [!NOTE]
>
> It's now necessary to include `stylix.enable = true` in your configuration
> for any other settings to take effect. This is not mentioned in the video
> linked above.

If you have any questions, you are welcome to
join our [Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/#stylix:danth.me),

> or ask on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/danth/stylix/discussions).

Reviewer: We should keep the discussions link for those who don't use Matrix, and to encourage using discussions rather than issues where appropriate.

(This text is also rendered at [stylix.danth.me](https://stylix.danth.me), so linking back to GitHub is worthwhile.)

Author: Yes. I accidentally removed it at some point.

# Stylix

## About

Stylix is a theming framework for [NixOS](https://nixos.org), [Home

> Manager](https://github.com/nix-community/home-manager), and

Reviewer: Would <https://nix-community.github.io/home-manager/#ch-introduction> be more friendly for new users? It has more explanation of what Home Manager does, whereas the README is mostly usage instructions.
